hey this markets at gate essentials calm
today I'm going to show you exactly how
to create your own custom educate shoes
using the design your own tool to get to
the design your own tool start it gate
essentials calm click on skateboarding
gear then on the custom gauge shoes
article once here click on the big
custom add need image this will take you
to the custom shoe builder here you will
find different available face models
that you can customize I chose the fader
the shoe might take a few seconds to
load depending on your connection speed
now we have the shoe with some
predetermined colors and can begin
customizing on the right hand side there
are 13 different parts of the shoe that
can be colored according to your taste
now that I have the colors that I want
in the bottom-left I can change the view
of the tooth top bottom back make sure
that everything now the second part of
customizing your shoes is adding your
custom ID if you like this can be named
word numbers or whatever you want as
long as you don't add too many
characters the color of the ID is also
customizable after you've chosen your ID
then you select gender size and quantity
the final step is to review your order
and buy your shoes the design code for
your unique design will be generated at
this point which will allow you to
recreate the same design by simply
entering the code useful if you need to
come back later
I want your friends to have a matching
pair once you are satisfied click Add to
Cart continue shopping or you can click
on your car to the upper right to
checkout and that's it after you can
sign your own unique pair of cases be
sure to drop by gait essentials comm
show off your new kicks